Hello and welcome to the fifth edition of undetectable automation on the hacker show. This continues the series that started here on YouTube with over 44,000 views and counting. We're going to be using various tools such as Python and the Chrome DevTools protocol in order to bypass all the CAPTCHAs in all the places with live demos on major sites such as TikTok, Facebook, Amazon, LinkedIn, and many more. Get ready for some serious hacking. Let's warm up with a few live demos of bypassing Cloudflare's Turnstile.

For that, let's run a script from here where we're going to go to the Indeed page and then you'll see that a Cloudflare Turnstile CAPTCHA appears, but it was bypassed successfully. And then we're going to continue and another Cloudflare Turnstile CAPTCHA will appear and that is also bypassed successfully. So that's the first example. Let's run another example on Indeed. Here we go. This time we're going to go collect data from a company. You can see here we've got a Cloudflare Turnstile and then that

was bypassed successfully. And now we're going to do an Indeed search for the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory. And once we found the page, we're going to collect the results and output that to the console. So here you can see all that data for the NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory is right here, company information and description. So that's an example of web scraping from Indeed. Let's try a different example where we're going to web scrape data from Glassdoor. So we're going to run different script.

And you can see here that a Cloudflare Turnstile CAPTCHA appears, but we're going to click it and it's been bypassed successfully with the automation. And now we're going to grab the data, and this time we're going to search for the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, and then we're going to get a screenshot, get the page source, and also output it as a PDF file. So, let's go into the latest logs folder where that data was saved. We're going to open that. And you can see here that three files appeared

in that folder. You're going to learn how all this is done in this presentation. So, first we've got the PNG file. You can see here we've got a screenshot. And we've also got the HTML file, which saves the whole page with an HTML locally on your machine. And additionally, you can also save the data as a PDF file here. So, you can see here you have the various pages of that Glassdoor site. And all that is saved as a PDF. With the tools I'll be covering in this video, you'll be able to web scrape

sites with confidence. Indeed. Shields to maximum. Photon torpedoes, full volley. Fire. This continues my undetectable automation series on YouTube, which all started here. And that's when the automation entertainment industry was born, basically combining web automation, web scraping, and captcha bypass with entertainment, making things fun. So, the field changes rapidly, so it's important to note This information is out of date. We were far more advanced in this when I left. I can help you correct it. Very well.

Let's start with the geological data. That information is so out of date that even that Star Trek actor has long since left to become Fire Lord Ozai in some live-action Avatar: The Last Airbender series. As I was saying about earlier episodes of undetectable automation, the first three used a modified ChromeDriver called undetected ChromeDriver for stealth. And at some point, modifying ChromeDriver wasn't enough to make WebDriver actions stealthy because the anti-bot services improved. And that led to the rise of the Chrome

DevTools protocol in order to bypass CAPTCHAs and bot detection services again. And this was the focus of the fourth undetectable automation video, which is still valid. Lots of changes have happened since then, and therefore we are coming to this undetectable automation 5 video where there have been tons of advancements since then, such as stealthy Playwright mode, stealthy Docker automation, stealthy headless automation, stealthy mobile emulation, Imperva-based hCaptcha can be bypassed, Friendly Captcha can be bypassed,

DataDome slider can be bypassed, unbranded Chromium support, and pure CDP mode. All these have been added since then. Now, the Chrome DevTools protocol is a remote debugging protocol that lets developers communicate with a running Chrome browser. Both Selenium WebDriver and Playwright are using CDP in various formats inside their frameworks. Compared to standard JS, CDP actions are stealthy. Here's the comparison at a glance from Gemini. You can see that with standard JavaScript, you have element.click, but with CDP, you have

input.dispatchMouseEvent. And that is the stealthier version because websites with anti-bot services can detect the JavaScript actions, but they can't detect the CDP actions because it mimics the hardware, giving you high trust. Whereas with JavaScript, if you run that type of command, you're going to see the isTrusted property become false, which means websites will know you're using a bot. So, CDP is clearly the better way to go. Now, CDP alone isn't enough for stealth. The web

browser's fingerprint must look like one coming from a human-controlled browser. Browsers launched with regular Playwright or WebDriver have a poisoned fingerprint that results in bot detection. To avoid this issue, you can launch the system's default browser and then attach the automation framework. Some special configuration is needed to make this work in a stealthy way. Everyone into the hole. And you may need special methods for handling CAPTCHAs successfully. That brings us to SeleniumBase, a

framework that takes care of many of those actions for you. It's got various modes and formats such as UC mode, CDP mode, stealthy Playwright mode, etc. and lots of other features that let you be stealthy with automation. Here's the former video I created on stealthy Playwright mode, which was quite popular on YouTube with over 15,000 views and hundreds of likes. So, this was a pretty powerful addition to SeleniumBase because a lot of people use Playwright and regular Playwright does not have stealth features out of

the box. So, contrary to logical thinking, SeleniumBase no longer uses Selenium for some things such as CDP mode. If that sounds confusing, note that JavaScript does not use Java. SeleniumBase CDP mode comes in three formats. The SB nested sync format, the SB CDP sync format that's using pure CDP mode, and the CDP driver async format that's using pure CDP mode. Stealthy Playwright mode can be initiated from any of these formats. Here's a flow chart explaining how everything fits together. So, you have

SeleniumBase and then from there you've got regular mode, which is 100% Selenium and that uses ChromeDriver and there's no stealth at all and that controls your Chromium browser. And then came UC mode where you can activate CDP mode and then you can get to maximum stealth. Now, you could also use UC mode through the modified Chrome driver called UC driver, but you only get basic stealth and that's why the older undetectable automation videos that were using that are no longer so effective because the

basic stealth isn't good enough anymore for most sites. You can also use pure CDP mode which has sync and async formats and stealthy Playwright mode can be used from either of the CDP modes, whether it be the UC plus CDP mode, pure CDP async mode, or pure CDP async mode. Here's an example of the SBCDP sync format for stealthy Playwright mode. You'll import Playwright like this from playwright.sync_api import sync playwright. And then from SeleniumBase import SBCDP. And then you'll launch the

Chrome browser with SeleniumBase using sbcdp.chrome. And then you're going to grab the endpoint URL like this. And then once you've started Playwright with sync playwright sp, you're going to call chromium.connect_over_cdp with that endpoint URL and that's going to attach the Playwright instance to the running SeleniumBase CDP mode instance which is stealthy and then you can use Playwright as normal as you can see here. In this example, we're going to copilot.microsoft.com. We're waiting for a selector to appear

and then we're going to do a query and then we're going to click the submit button and then we're going to solve a CAPTCHA from there. So, that is an example of how that works and we're even going to run that example here. So, it's going to be python raw copilot_sync.py. And we're going to run it right here. You can see that it's going to query Microsoft Copilot and then that CAPTCHA is going to appear. And then ScrapingBee is going to use the solve CAPTCHA method to solve it.

And then Microsoft Copilot is going to respond with the answer to that query showing you that you were able to use stealthy Playwright mode in order to bypass bot detection on sites that have CAPTCHAs using ScrapingBee CDP mode as the backend for that stealth. And here you go. You can see it outputted all those results to the console showing that stealthy Playwright mode works. ScrapingBee was able to bypass that using the solve CAPTCHA method as seen right here in the script that did that. Are you ready for another live demo?

Let's do some Walmart scraping now. Let's do python raw_walmart.py and it's going to run that. And now we've gone to Walmart and it's going to do a query for The Settlers of Catan board game. And it's going through it's going to print out the results to the console as you can see here with all the items that were found and the prices showing that Walmart scraping works. Although web scraping probably doesn't hurt Walmart what this comedian says in the next video clip might. Go to

Walmart. Go to the self-checkout counter and go, "Free." "Five hundred dollar refund flat screen TV from Samsung. Free." Let's do another live demo before returning to the learning. This time we're web scraping TikTok. All right, so we're going to do python raw_tiktok.py and it's going to open up TikTok. And then it's going to scroll a bit once it gets to the page. And then after it scrolls, it's going to print out all the items from that page as seen here from

the official Star Trek account showing that the web scraping was able to scrape TikTok successfully. Welcome to the official Star Trek account. And then here all the posts that were on TikTok for that website. In addition to using CDP for controlling Chrome in a stealthy way, you can also achieve stealth by using tools that can control the mouse and keyboard. PyAutoGUI is one such tool. The creator of PyAutoGUI is Al Sweigart. He's also the author of Automate the Boring Stuff with Python and various

other things. So, he's quite popular and I even got to meet him at the Python Developers Conference at PyCon in Chicago previously during the pandemic. And also at that conference, I got to meet the creator of Python himself, Guido van Rossum, who is behind me right here in the selfie. So, lots of famous people go to PyCon if you're ever interested. PyAutoGUI requires a headed browser to work. Since most Linux machines have headless displays that don't support headed browsers, an external tool called

Xvfb must be used in order to simulate a headed browser in a headless Linux environment. Here's Xvfb and you can see it is a display server basically implementing the X11 display server protocol. And this is the key to allowing you to run automation in Linux in a stealthy way cuz you can use a headed browser instead of a headless one. And the headed browser is probably going to be slightly more stealthy. Now, Xvfb is automatically used when needed in Selenide base. This makes stealthy automation easy from Linux

servers. As you can see here in this example, where we're scraping Priceline trips from GitHub Actions. And there's going to be more GitHub Actions coming up in this presentation. So, here's another GitHub Actions example. You can see here Priceline hotels in Portland, Oregon, and all that is being listed out in GitHub Actions, showing you that that is working. I also have a full YouTube tutorial on that, unlimited free web scraping with GitHub Actions. So, you can watch that later on your own time. The same story

with Docker automation. You can see here stealthy Docker browser automation, and that is also on YouTube. So, you can also watch that later if you want to find out more details about Docker. But, we'll also cover a bit about Docker right here, right now. So, note that Docker requires extra config to be stealthy. These changes can be made from the Docker file. For instance, some standard fonts are not installed from the default Docker config. This is a problem because websites can see which fonts are installed on your

system. For instance, here in this example that ran on the pixelscan.net fingerprint check, you can see that it's listing out the fonts that were installed on the system. And because a web browser can reveal what fonts are installed on your internal computer system via the website through their API, then any font that isn't or is installed there can matter. And then that makes a difference in bot detection. So, if your system is missing standard fonts, then websites know you're running

from a server, and therefore they know you're using automation. The Selenium base Docker file has you covered because it installs the important fonts that you need in order to make your system look like a regular human controlled system and not one on a server. It would be a big mistake to think that you can be stealthy in a regular Docker container without changing the default fonts and configuration. Big mistake. Big. Huge. I have to go shopping now. In the spirit of online shopping, the next demo is on Nordstrom. Let's run

that. python raw nordstrom.py and we're going to nordstrom.com and we're going to do some web scraping from there when we do a search for cocktail dresses for women teal to get in the spirit of the Pretty Woman scene that we saw a moment ago. Here we are. Bunch of different items are appearing and here you can see that the items and their prices are being outputted to the console. So you can see here that is web scraping on Nordstrom. And now for some Ralph Lauren. So let's do that. python raw ralphlauren.py

and we're going to do some web scraping on that site as well. So here we are. ralphlauren.com and now we're going to do a search within the dresses and jumpsuits and you can see that those items and prices are appearing there in the console output. And it looks like there are a lot of different items that it found on that page. So it's listing all those out. Let's wrap up this quick shopping session on Kohl's. We're going to run python raw kohls.py from the Sunny Mesa example CDP mode folder and we're going

to do a search for Mickey Mouse blanket. So it's going to get to the page and then it's going to scrape through the results finding all the items that include both Mickey and blanket in the results and then it's going to output that to the console here. So, you can see it's going through, and all that was printed out. So, now that we have the ingredients for stealth, which includes an automation framework that uses a browser with a natural fingerprint, CDP methods for performing natural actions, such as

input. dispatch mouse event, PyAutoGUI for performing trickier actions, such as drag and drop with a real mouse, and an Xvfb integration for using headed browsers on Linux systems that don't have a GUI, we can use all that to bypass different CAPTCHAs. Get ready for some live demos of that. So, let's go in and do python raw consecutive c.py. And it's going to go to a website that has two Cloudflare CAPTCHAs on it. Here, it's going to go through, and verification was successful. And now

there's going to be a second Cloudflare CAPTCHA here, and that was also bypassed successfully, showing that SleniumBase was able to get through both of the Cloudflare CAPTCHAs. And there we go. So, up next, let's run python raw muse.py. And here we go. We'll see that there's a friendly CAPTCHA on that page, and it was clicked successfully. It believes you're human, and you've gotten on to the next part of the website by bypassing that CAPTCHA. So, up next, we've got python raw idealista.py.

And this one's going to have a different CAPTCHA. It's going to have the DataDome slider CAPTCHA, so it's going to use a fancy algorithm where it detects the coordinates and then does a drag and drop, and then that gets you to the page which has all the housing prices in Barcelona, and all that is being outputted to the console right there. And there's one more CAPTCHA left to do and that is the hCaptcha. So, let's run python rawgasrecords.py and let's see if we can bypass that.

Here's the hCaptcha. It clicked it successfully showing that it's human and then we've gotten to the next page and now we're going to do a search for hydrogen on this gas safe register search website etc. thing. You can see that the info appeared but the main part about this example was that we were able to bypass hCaptcha which is considered one of the trickier CAPTCHAs to bypass. One method call does it all sb.solve_captcha. Some door. Not a problem. sb.solve_captcha handles all of these as you saw

Cloudflare turnstile, friendly CAPTCHA, DataDome slider CAPTCHA and the Imperva based hCaptcha. It may seem a bit odd or illegal that we're bypassing all these CAPTCHAs but things may not actually be as they seem. Commander Riker by taking this action you risk charges of assault, theft, piracy and treason. Really? And I guess adding one more charge wouldn't hurt. Here's an important notice. You got to know the laws and legal implications of scraping. And web scraping is legal if you scrape

data publicly available on the internet. In a court case where sued Bright Data, basically it reaffirmed the public's right to access and collect public web data. And in the ruling, it basically said that Meta's terms of service could not restrict the scraping of data that is freely accessible to the public, especially by non-registered or logged out users. And in the definition of user, it had the ruling noted that because Bright Data was not acting as a user logged in when collecting the data,

it did not violate the user-specific terms. And here is the legal significance of that, the limitation on terms of service, which is very important. It confirms that technology companies cannot use their terms of service to unilaterally prohibit access to information that is available to the general public. And because of this court ruling, it is showing that web scraping public sites or the public parts of websites is completely legal, and there aren't any legal restrictions against that. Now, things may change if

you log in, but as long as you're logged out, you can collect that data safely. Now that we know scraping public data is legal, let's go web scraping on Facebook's public pages. We're going to run python raw_facebook.py and go to facebook.com/seleniumbase, which is SeleniumBase's Facebook page. And we're going to scroll through, and then we're going to see the data that was collected. You can see here the logs were saved to the latest logs folder as before, so we're going to open that.

And you'll see that three files were generated here. So, let's first look at the screenshot. And you can see that was generated here. And up next, we also have the page source. So, let's take a look at that. And you can see that the Facebook page was saved within the page source here. So, that's pretty cool. And we also have the PDF file, pdf.pdf. You can see that the whole Facebook page there was saved as a PDF. And if you can scroll through that, you will see the different items like here, stealthy

playwright mode, bypass captures and bot detection is now on YouTube. I had a post for that recently. And then there's going to be other things like how to bypass paywalls. That was another YouTube video I had. And all these other posts, unlimited free web scraping with GitHub actions, undetectable automation previous videos, etc. So, all that was saved into the PDF showing that web scraping Facebook is also quite possible with Selenian base CDP mode. If a site wants to hide its public data from

scrapers, then it'll need to hide that data from public view. Note that if automation performs actions too quickly, websites may detect this as bot traffic and block you. To avoid this, space out your actions so that the automation moves at human-like speed. Random sleep calls can help. For example, I added a lot of sleep calls in the script here in order to space out the actions and then make the website think that I am a human and not a bot. You know what I just heard? Blah, blah, spiritual mumbo jumbo, blah, blah,

something about space. This is what happens when some anti-bots detect you. You might get a page that says you've been blocked and then various information on that page. So, if you go too quickly, you might see this block page and they might not give you a chance to get out of it. So, when that happens, your bot might not get a chance to solve a CAPTCHA to prove its humanity. And And other cases, your bot may face a challenge. This is what happens when hCaptcha detects bots. You might have to pick out

various puppies in tiles on a puzzle CAPTCHA like this. And this is what happens when reCAPTCHA detects bots. You'll have to identify tiles that have crosswalks on them. And this is what happens when Gandalf blocks you. YOU SHALL NOT >> [screaming] >> GET READY FOR A WEB SCRAPING LIVE demo on amazon.com. Let's do python raw amazon.py. And we're going to go in and then we're going to do a search for the TI-89 calculator. And you'll see that data is appearing here. And we're going to scroll through

and see the various results that pop up. And we've also saved that data into the latest logs folder. So, let's go into that. Latest logs. Let's take a look at the screenshot that was there. Okay. Screenshot. Let's take a look at the page source, which is probably going to have more info. Here it is. You can see all that data with the graphing calculators and the various prices on amazon.com. It looks like there's a lot of data here. So, there's that. And of course, like before, you get the PDF file where all

those pages appear very nicely and cleanly within the PDF file so that you can process that PDF later. So, that is web scraping on amazon.com. Let's take a look at that Amazon scraping script. So, we're going to do from sunny base import SB. And then with SB use equals true, test equals true, adblock equals true as SB to spin up the browser. And note that use equals true gives you the undetected Chrome driver mode and then test equals true outputs additional things to the console such as

the runtime as you can see here it passed in 10.9 seconds or here it passed in 16.03 seconds. You also get when it starts so it's just basically a little extra output by setting test equals true and also if there is an exception raised during the test it's only going to print the exception rather than throwing it which allows scripts to continue going even if there is a failure. So we're going to activate CDP mode with the URL in order to get that super stealth mode and then we're going to click if visible

this button that might appear continue shopping and then we're going to call press keys which basically types into that search box the TI-89 and then the backslash and automatically hits enter for you. And then we're just going to loop through and scroll the page down a bit so you can see the different results then we're going to print out the page title then we're going to call SB.save_as_pdf_to_logs which gives us that PDF file we saw before and then there's also SB.save_page_source_to_logs

so that you can get the HTML file from that website saved and there is of course SB.save_screenshot_to_logs to get that PNG screenshot and then we just printed out the logs have been saved to the latest logs folder. So that was pretty much everything that you needed and right in that script. So let's run two live demos now on nike.com one using regular Chrome and another using headless Chrome. So let's do Python raw Nike.py it's going to go through and we're going to do a search for some shoes.

So we've entered the website you can see Nike Air Force 1 you can see the various results that are popping in showing that we got all those results and that has been outputted to the console and we can also run it in headless mode by adding {dash} {dash} headless. It'll use a headless browser, which you won't see. So, I'm going to have to fast forward through this so that we jump to the end cuz there's not much to watch until then. And here you can see that it found results for Nike Air Force 1 from the

headless browser, showing that headless mode is stealthy just like regular mode now. So, that is a big improvement over earlier versions of Selenimbase where headless mode wasn't that stealthy. All right. Let's take a look at that Nike scraping script. You'll see here from Selenimbase import SB, and then we've initialized the browser, and then there are some new args here such as local equals EN because you can set the local code, and you can also change the page load strategy to none here. And then

we're going to activate CDP mode, and then we're going to click the search box, and then we're going to press keys in there to perform the search. And then we're going to set the selector for details, and then do elements equals SB.select_all details for that. And then we're going to loop through the elements for element in elements, and then we're going to print out element.text for each of those, and that's how we get all these Nike Air Force 1 results displayed in

the console. So, there is that. Here's a friendly reminder that those SB.sleep calls are strategic. Automating too quickly can get you into trouble on sites with bot protection. Sending too much traffic to a website from the same IP address could also stop your automation runners. And some IP ranges are flagged by anti-bot services. For example, there are non-residential IP ranges such as when you run on AWS, and that could get flagged by those anti-bot services, which would block your bots. Scraping a site from a

non-residential IP range is a sure way to get caught. This would not be a real video about web scraping unless I mention proxies. Slithering Base has a proxy option for that. Here's how to configure a proxy with Slithering Base. You've got proxy via the command line, pytest --proxy = host:port, and pytest --proxy = username:password @host:port for an authenticated proxy. And then you've got the method arg version, which is the same thing, host:port from setting proxy = that and proxy = user:pass @host:port.

If you don't have a proxy, it's easy to get one. There are lots of providers out there like Bright Data. And since Bright Data blogs about Slithering Base a lot, I like to include them in some of my videos since they include me in their blog a lot. Here we go. How to use proxies with Slithering Base and guide to web scraping with Slithering Base in 2026, all from Bright Data's blog. You could also launch your own proxy server with Slithering Base by using the S Base proxy command. And that's it. And

as you can see here, you do that, you'll have an instant proxy server running on 127.0.0.1:8899. I'll show you how that works. Let's just do S Base proxy from here. And there we go. If it doesn't already have the proxy.py installed, it will install that. And then it's running it. You can see it is listening in on 127.0.0.1:8899. And proxy.py is a an additional Python dependency for some of Selenbase's features. If the Python dependency isn't already installed, it'll automatically

install it at runtime, which is convenient. And that's also the case for PyAutoGUI because that isn't installed by default on Mac and Windows, it'll download that for you if it wasn't already installed when you're performing an action that requires PyAutoGUI. So, that is the SBase proxy command. And there are more configuration options for SBase proxy such as {dash}{dash}port=port where you can set a custom port, otherwise it will default to 8899. And since websites can detect your

geolocation, it may be a good idea to change it at times. Fortunately, changing your geolocation/timezone can be done faster than changing your hair color. Here's how to configure those with Selenbase. Here's changing geolocation via method arg. You can see geoloc= with the coordinates. You can be very specific to that. And then you can also change the time zone via method arg timezone=Asia/Kolkata, for example, or Asia/Tokyo. Now, let's run a live demo to show how that works. First, we'll go to India

and then we'll go to Japan. So, for that, we'll be running Python raw timezone sb.py. And we're going to go in to randymeijers.org/whattimezoneamiin. And we can see here we were in Lucknow, India, and now we are in Japan. So, that's showing that you can easily modify your time zone just by setting the args. Another cool feature of CDP is the ability to intercept and modify requests in real time. So, with that, we'll We'll using the Chrome Dev Tools Protocol fetch.continueRequest

method, which has a few special options such as post data, and if set, it overrides the post data in the request. And you can also change your headers by modifying that arg. And if set, it overrides the request headers. As you can see here, note that the overrides do not extend to subsequent redirect loops. If a redirect happens, another override may be applied to a different request produced by a redirect. All right, so that's basically the fetch.continueRequest CDP method, and the CDP methods are

basically called from Python using Python's mycdp library, as seen here. You've got mycdp/fetch.py. You can see it has the continue request method, and all that is basically making the call. And here's an example that we're about to run, which basically is going to modify requests on a website. We're going to gettyimages.com, and we're going to modify all the images using the request pause handler in order for all the images to be this new image that I'm going to plant in here, which

uses my own CDN link instead. So, that is raw rec mod, and let's run that. Python raw rec mod.py. And we're going in. And you can see that all the images are of me and my wife with Jonathan Frakes. And if we actually go to the regular URL that is there, you'll see that it's very different images on the actual version of that website, showing that the CDP made all the changes to give you that new image. As you can see, SelenimBase has all the CDP features that you're looking for.

All right, I got everything here. I got the Cyclone F series, Hyper Jet Flow, StockX, Super Stream, you name it. Well, what do you recommend? What are you looking for? Power, man. Power. If you're looking for powerful multi-threading, then ThreadPoolExecutor has you covered. It's a high-level tool in Python's concurrent.futures module that's used to run tasks concurrently using a pool of threads. You could basically use this to bypass a lot of CAPTCHAs very quickly. It's time for

some high-speed CAPTCHA bypass. Here we go. Click. Click. Click. Click. Click. Click. Yeah. Now, that's what I'm talking about. Let's see the quick 5-second replay of that. SOMETIMES YOU CAN DEFEAT CAPTCHAS IN advance if you already have the required cookies loaded in your web browser. For instance, the CF clearance cookie, which is a security token issued by Cloudflare to users who have successfully passed a Cloudflare challenge. Getting the CF clearance cookie is easy. Just go to a CF-protected site and take

it. Give us the gate key. I have no gate key. I think that he's lying to us. Oh, you mean this gate key? Here's some sample code that shows you how that's done. Basically, you can grab the cookie from for cookie in all cookies, and you can get all cookies by doing sb.get_all_cookies. So, it's really easy to get the cookies once you've bypassed that CAPTCHA. And now that you've got the CF clearance cookie, you can use it in other examples that you run depending on what you're

trying to do. Get ready for a live demo of stealthy mobile emulation. Let's do python raw gitlab.py --mobile. You can see it's loading the mobile version of gitlab and it bypass that Cloudflare captcha successfully showing you that stealthy mobile emulation works. That's pretty much very simple to do. Just add --mobile as a command line argument to the python scripts you run that use SeleniumBase. For more info on stealthy mobile emulation, check out the YouTube video that I have on it, stealthy mobile

emulation, where we talk about emulation.setDeviceMetricsOverride, which basically lets you customize your mobile mode. And there's also a follow-up mobile video to that that deals with changing the user agent. For instance, here you can see one version of Twitter and here's a different version of Twitter. Now, SeleniumBase has an option for using unbranded Chromium in place of regular Google Chrome. You can just use the command line pytest --use-chromium and you can also do it via method arg

with SB {parentheses} use_chromium=True {close parentheses}. And Chromium is automatically downloaded if it hasn't yet been used by SeleniumBase. SeleniumBase can download Chromium in advance using the SBase.GetChromium command. You can see the output of that from the screenshot here where we ran it and then it automatically downloaded Chromium from storage.googleapis.com/chromium-browser-snapshots. So, unlike Google Chrome, unbranded Chromium still supports loading extensions via command flags.

Starting with Chrome 137, Google removed the load extension command line flag from official branded builds to enhance security. And there is actually a workaround option that you could use using {double dash} disable {double dash} features equals disable load extension command line switch, which worked up until Chrome 142. But additionally, unbranded Chromium may be stealthier than regular Google Chrome on certain websites. Get ready for a web scraping live demo on reddit.com. Let's do python raw_reddit.py.

And let's run that script. And it's going to spin up a Chromium browser. And now you can see that we're going to be able to web scrape data right from Reddit. Here we go. Reddit posts for Reddit plus scraper. And now it has all those results. Now let's go modify that script so you can understand what happens when you use regular Chrome instead of Chromium for this. So we're going to open raw_reddit.py. And here's the script. And instead of setting use Chromium equals true, I'm

just going to remove that. And now let's run that same script again and see what happens. Here we go. Now you're faced with a screen, prove your humanity, where you have to click a reCAPTCHA. So it's a little additional work to do, but you wouldn't have to click that CAPTCHA if you were using the unbranded Chromium browser in the first place. And there's also a YouTube video I have on that, web scraping Reddit, where you've got this prove your humanity screen if you're coming in with regular

Chrome instead of the unbranded Chromium browser. Now reCAPTCHA comes in many flavors. For instance, reCAPTCHA v2, reCAPTCHA v3, etc. And some flavors are stronger than others. So with Google reCAPTCHA, if you fail to solve it, you're going to get this puzzle that you see here where you have to identify images within a larger image, and it's very effective at catching bots. And even though Google reCAPTCHA looks similar to Cloudflare Turnstile, they are very different. This may explain why

Google reCAPTCHA is better. Since Google makes both reCAPTCHA and Chrome, reCAPTCHA has access to more data than other CAPTCHAs and can therefore detect bots better. Many websites are using an out-of-date reCAPTCHA, as seen here with the Pokémon site. If you zoom in here, you can see that it's protected by reCAPTCHA. However, for site owner, V1 beta 1 is deprecated. Take action, meaning that some sites are weaker because they're using a deprecated version of reCAPTCHA, and these sites are vulnerable to web scrapers,

therefore. Get ready for a web scraping live demo on pokemon.com. Let's do python raw pokemon.py. And we're going to go into the Pokémon site, and you can see that the site's protected by reCAPTCHA because it has the reCAPTCHA logo in the bottom right corner. And we've gone through, and we're going to scrape some data. You can see there's Pikachu. We're grabbing info on that, and then it's going to continue and do another search from the Pokémon website. We're

going to go to the event locator, and we're going to find regional events for Pokémon, and then output that to the console. So, first we got the info on Pikachu, and then we got the info on Pokémon Championship events, and because that site was using a deprecated version of reCAPTCHA, it was weaker and easier to bypass. So, in the case of encountering an enterprise V3 reCAPTCHA, that's a very different story. Looks like those sites over there are protected by enterprise reCAPTCHA. Wow, the automation's going to have a really

tricky time getting past that. Note that calling open URL from UC mode automatically activates CDP mode now. This change was made because the original UC mode wasn't stealthy enough anymore. This makes older UC mode scripts work again. That's especially important since out-of-date undetectable automation videos still get views, and if you go to like the first three videos, which are using the older UC mode before CDP mode came out, basically that won't work unless I forced the old open method to give you CDP mode

automatically. But, if you still want the older functionality, you can call sb.driver.get_url to stay in UC mode, although you might not want to do that unless you really need to call Selenium WebDriver methods for some reason, but that may get you detected. Here's the flowchart again so that you can understand what I meant by that. So, before there was SeleniumBase and then UC mode, and then you'd go directly to the modified Chrome driver called UC driver to reach Chromium. Now, that's

only basic stealth, and that's why you need to use CDP mode instead, and there are three different CDP modes to choose from, the UC plus CDP mode where you activate CDP mode from UC mode, and then the two pure CDP mode formats, the sync format and the async format, and all those support stealthy Playwright mode and let you do the stealthy CDP commands that have maximum stealth in order to control the Chromium browser and do web scraping without getting detected. So, here are some naming conventions

used in the SeleniumBase repo. If a file starts with test_ or ends with _test.py, then it runs with Pytest. If a file starts with raw_, then it runs directly with raw Python. Note that SeleniumBase was originally just a test framework before it gained stealth abilities. And that's why you have many of the older scripts having test _ _ test.py in them because they're originally just testing things without stealth and it would run with Pytest. So, finding stealthy examples in the Selenium Base repo can be done by going

into the Selenium Base examples CDP mode folder and that's where you'll find all the examples made for stealth and bypassing CAPTCHAs. And for the stealthy Playwright mode examples, you should go into Selenium Base / examples / CDP mode / Playwright. And that's where you can find those examples. So, let's make a quick trip to the Selenium Base repo. Let's go in here. So, you can see here this is Selenium Base. And there's a lots of documentation and anything that you missed in the

presentation you can find here. If you click on CDP mode, you can get to the CDP mode docs where I'll explain all the various details and the different modes of CDP mode, etc. and bypassing various CAPTCHAs here with the solve CAPTCHA method that you see right there. And this example was running on the Planet Minecraft site. There's going to be lots of various examples and it'll it'll explain various concepts, etc. And there's a huge list of APIs. Just scroll down here. You can

see that there's just a ton of methods for anything you could possibly think of to do. And then there's also pure CDP mode which also has a lot of examples for that. And there's the async version and there's separate async methods that you can find here. There's just a lot going on here. And then here's the CDP mode web element API methods. All that is listed here. So, there's actually a lot of stuff there if you're interested. And from within CDP mode, there's also

stealthy Playwright mode. And there's lots of stealthy Playwright mode examples that you can use to get started with. And there's lots of great documentation. And of course, if you're thinking about using stealthy Playwright mode, you should check out this video on YouTube, which basically covers it in great detail. And there's also some pretty good documentation here on the GitHub page with the three formats, the lightweight sync format SB_CDP, and then the full suite nested sync

format using SB, where you activate CDP mode and then grab the endpoint URL and feed it into Playwright with connect over CDP. And then of course, there's the async format using CDP_driver for people who want the async version. So, there's a lot of documentation here, and definitely check it out if you're interested in stealthy Playwright mode. So, it's time for more CAPTCHA bypass. Get ready for a live demo of bypassing a Cloudflare CAPTCHA on Cloudflare's own login page. Let's do

Python raw CF captcha.py. And we're going to run that. And you can see that we're going to dash.cloudflare.com/login. And it was able to bypass the CAPTCHA successfully, showing you that you can bypass a Cloudflare Turnstile even on Cloudflare's own login page. That's pretty cool, huh? So, bypassing CAPTCHAs isn't exciting enough for you? Then treat every CAPTCHA bypass like scoring A GOAL. GOAL! >> [cheering] >> GOAL! GOAL! >> [cheering] >> GOAL! GOAL!

>> YOU REACHED THE AI section of this video. I've actually been using a lot of AI already. Many illustrations were AI generated such as the one you see here below. Thanks for all the free artwork, Gemini. You can get all the free artwork that you want from YouTube Studio's inspiration tab as seen below in the screenshot. Now, let's use Gemini's power to bypass CAPTCHAs. Let's go over to gemini.google.com and we're going to give it a query, but first let's refresh the page so that you

can see that everything here was AI generated. Now, the query is create a Selenium Base CDP mode script that bypasses the CAPTCHA on planetminecraft.com. And I'll give some info such as using Selenium Base CDP mode is an excellent choice for bypassing sophisticated bot detection. And then if you scroll below, you'll have the script that it generated. You can see it's setting UC equals true to activate UC mode. And then from there, we're going to activate CDP mode with sb.activateCDPMode

and the URL. And then we're going to wait a few seconds for the CAPTCHA to be bypassed successfully. And if the CAPTCHA wasn't automatically bypassed, we're also going to call sb.solveCaptcha to make sure that it is definitely clicked and then bypassed if it wasn't initially. And then we're going to make sure that the input disabled button is no longer there, which shows that the input button became enabled when the CAPTCHA was bypassed successfully. So, let's copy that script over

into a file and then we're going to run it. So, we've copy pasted it here. And now we're going to save the file and then we're going to go to the command line and we're going to run it. So, let's see how it goes. It's gone to planetminecraft.com and you can see here there is a captcha and it was bypassed successfully showing that the Gemini generated script was able to bypass the bot detection on the Planet Minecraft site. If we go back to Gemini, you can see that there is more info afterward where

it describes key components for success. We'll talk about the various components of the script such as setting it UC equals true which enables undetected Chrome driver mode and then from there we're activating CDP mode here and that is the magic command. And then it's got the SB.solve_captcha method which is basically designed for clicking the checkbox on various captchas and that method can also be used for solving other types of captchas as you saw earlier in this video. And then we're

going to call SB.wait_for_element_absent input disabled and basically that's because the login button is grayed out disabled until the captcha is bypassed successfully. So if that element is no longer there, then you know that the checkbox was clicked and you've been able to proceed into the site. And there's also a pro tip section. So that is pretty cool and all that is AI generated. Going back here, every year the AI models get better and better. Definitely an improvement over last

year's models. Nice. Hello Phil. Hey there. All right, now what I need you to do is go to the street fair. I love the street fair. With Via. I love Via. Well, I take Kili, the real Kili, skyaking. I love skyaking. Yes, but you're going to the street fair. I love the street fair. I also covered AI in my earlier video, can AI tools help you with web scraping and captcha bypass? And spoiler alert, it depends on which AI you ask. To find out who won, you're going to have to watch that YouTube video later.

It's time for the next live demo, and for that, we're going to be web scraping LinkedIn. Let's get started. We're going to run an example python raw_linkedin.py from the SeleniumBase examples CDP mode folder, and it's going to go to the LinkedIn page for Selenium, and then once it gets there, it's just going to scroll down so that you can see the various data that we're going to be collecting in a moment. And then once that script finishes, you'll see that the logs have been saved to the latest

logs folder. So we're going to open that, and we'll see that it created raw_linkedin line three, and has three files in there, a PDF, a screenshot, and the page source. So the screenshot will just be of the point where it was on the screen. However, there's also going to be the HTML source right here. So this is the full page source that is saved to your machine locally. And additionally, there's also going to be the PDF file, as you can see here, that was saved, and I'll have all the

various pages from that LinkedIn page. So you can see here multiple PDF pages pretty much covering all the data that was there from the Selenium page. And as you can see, the Selenium conference is going on now as we speak, but I'm not there, sadly. However, I am filming this, so hopefully this will be something to make up for that. And lots of data there. So this is basically showing you that we're able to web scrape LinkedIn and collect all that data. As you can see, SeleniumBase works well

for web scraping. I never really thought I'd get to see HOW ROUND YOU KEEP WORKING. KEEP WORKING. KEEP WORKING. >> IT ALSO WORKS WELL IN GITHUB ACTIONS. I have a demo repo here called undetected testing where I run a lot of tests to verify that Selenium base is stealthy. You can find that from my MDM ins repo. You can see all the different jobs that have run the test things. Over here we have a job that basically scraped Nike shoe prices and it outputted the results here. Over here we have a demo of web scraping

chat GPT and here's the response that chat GPT gave. So you can see that it bypassed the bot defenses there. Over here is an example where it web scraped TikTok. You can see all the posts from the official Star Trek account here. So all that is basically outputted here showing that the GitHub actions job was able to web scrape TikTok successfully. Over here is an example where we were scraping ticket prices from Southwest Airlines. You can see all the results were displayed here. Up next we have a job that scraped job

postings from Upwork. You can see the various posts that it had. Now all that different data is right here. So scraping Upwork was easy too. And you can see based on the debug statements that PyAutoGUI had to click a CAPTCHA or maybe two CAPTCHAs in order to get to those results. Over here we have an example where we're scraping Nike shoe prices with Playwright again. And here's another one where we're scraping ticket prices from SeatGeek. You can see that SeatGeek did a search for Jerry Seinfeld shows coming

up and here are the ticket prices there. And on this tab here we have a search of Walmart where we're scraping prices for the Settlers of Catan board game. You can see all the various Settlers of Catan items being outputted to the console here in GitHub Actions. And based on the debug statement seen here, SeleniumBase had to do the drag and drop action on a DataDome slider CAPTCHA in order to get through. You can see that by the pyautogui.moveTo function, and then it called pyautogui.dragTo.

So, based on these coordinates, it solved one DataDome slider CAPTCHA here, and then it had to do it again for some reason cuz I guess they still didn't trust you, but we had SeleniumBase solve that CAPTCHA again, and then we got to the results. So, all this can be found from the MDMantis undetected testing repo if you're curious. Here's the main page of that on GitHub. You can see that there are several examples I have here, and there's a little bit of documentation. And if you go into the .github/workflows

folder, you can see the various GitHub Actions jobs that I am running in order to verify the stealthiness of SeleniumBase. So, as you can see, things can be pretty stealthy even if you're running them from GitHub Actions. If you need help creating scripts, just ask the AI. Maybe Gemini. Or you can replicate a bunch of AI agents to do the work for you. Replicate. Replicate. Hey Phil. Hey Phil, nice to see you. You too, Phil. Thanks, Phil. Phil, looking good. That's a nice color on you. All right, replicants, enough

chit-chat. Well, that concludes this presentation. Be sure to check out the SeleniumBase page on GitHub for all the information that you want there, and also the included CDP mode documentation for stealth mode, as well as stealthy Playwright mode if you you that. And of course, do be sure to like and subscribe on my YouTube channel to see more exciting videos about web scraping and capture bypass, and I will see you all next time. Happy automating.

